Welcome, welcome everyone. As you all know, today or this morning, I'm going to offer the
empowerment of the Guru Padmasambhava, known as Dehikundi, or Dechijapu.
Or, the Guru Padmasambha, that embodies all the sogatas, which is known as the king of the great
blessings, that embodies all the sogatas, all the Buddhas of three times in ten directions.
So that is the empowerment that I'm going to offer you this morning.
Now, I'm going to give great introductions of this ceremony, or the involvement, which is part of
the involvement itself, which is part of the lineage, the whole involvement of the system.
And so I'm going to give great introductions of this.
These introductions are part of our talk about the Guru Padmasambha.
Generally, this week, the two week, is our week of the great teacher, the Guru Padmasambha.
We're going to explore all the different levels, the meanings of the Guru Padmasambha, and how we
can make ourselves as beautiful beings in this world.
So that we can continually be beauty.
This life, and the next life, and the life after life.
As you know, the Buddhism, life is not just the beginning here, nor is ending here, it's the
continuation.
As their progress, as weak progress, as year progress, as central progress, as millennial progress,
our life continually progress and move forward.
It's the same rhythm, same echoes, nature is the same, moving forward, continuing. But growing, and
beautifully igniting, glorifying, that is our responsibility.
Make something beautiful, make something special, not just a drunken, boring, and whole, moving
with heavy burdens, move with light, with joy, and appreciation for all those beautiful glories.
That is the responsibility of ours, yours, and mine, and everyone's.
In order to ignite that beautiful glorytus, then greatest teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni Ghee, many
different levels and categories of teaching.
How to improve, how to make battle, how to make beautiful ourselves, that we can beauty to others.
With the context of harmony, peaceful, non-volence, pernicious, appreciation, and a big joy. That
is the whole song, the whole mark, teaching of the greatest teacher of the Buddha Shakyamuni.
We are followers of that greatest teacher. How wonderful, how beautiful we are.
We are the one of the most beautiful beings that who really like to make difference to ourselves,
to others.
In this context, then as I said, there are many different levels and categories of the teachings.
Today's teaching is one of the very esoteric teachings.
That means, what means esoteric?
It targets, exactly the pinpoint of the nature itself. It's not just a power ring and not just a
kind of going around, pointing out to the right on the should be.
And this is known as then esoteric, skillful means of teaching of compassion. Compassion, that is
the word of the teachings.
In these contexts, there are many different categories of the teachings.
Then the empowerment is one of the very, very powerful skillful means of the teachings that Buddha
gives.
There are many different methods, many different ways to explore and bring these beauties.
But this empowerment is known as one of the very powerful and special methods.
And we are going to discover and use this empowerment through the teaching of the, again, Buddha
with the contracts by the Buddha Shakyamuni, according to that contracts, according to that lineage
.
As Buddha Shakyamuni, Gaurabhayam Mahasambhava, highlighted that teachings.
That is again the purpose of the MNA, human Gaurabhayam Mahasambhava.
Buddha Shakyamuni came 3,600 years ago.
He gave, on the relative level or in the common level, he gave sutra teaching.
That means very general teaching, how to make ourselves a better person, beautiful person.
How to make ourselves happy, pure and peaceful.
Make happy and pure and peaceful to the others and bring them, bring beautiful qualities.
That is what the Buddha gives, general common teachings.
But then Buddha give in higher level, Buddha Shakyamuni give, higher level this great sutra or the
tantra teachings.
Teachings which is not ready to explore that time or to explore that time in India.
So he gave in higher levels.
Higher levels and this teaching be very, very popular.
These teachings are very popular in the celestial realms.
The realm beyond our two hours, our two years, in our conceptions.
There is many realms.
There is many things to discover.
As scientists discover, as we know, there is even more to discover than what modern scientists
discover.
And so these teachings are very popular in those higher realms.
And because of that, because when the time is ready in this world, in this earth,
then Guru Prahmana Sambha purposely emanated to explore or to bring and to highlight, bring thought
and available to us.
This is one of the great, most powerful activity of greatest, again, teacher, Guru Prahmana Sambha.
To bring thought, the hidden teaching on the spotlight so that we can all can experience and
benefit by these teachings.
As we are ready, as we are prepared.
So this sutra teaching or the tantra teaching is one of the very special teaching those ways.
Now, with that understanding about the Guru Prahmana Sambha, I already said and you already know
that.
But again, knowing is not just enough. We have to activate it. We have to practice.
This is the whole purpose of our practice, not just knowing.
Knowing is good, it is an intellectual status.
But it is not really sipping and coming to the heart.
And when it is not letting come to the heart, it is still in the intellectual, up in the floating
status.
Floating, hovering, as I said, other day.
It is hovering and floating, floating.
If it is not sinking and holding in the heart center, heart.
So therefore, again, we have to first, we have to know, then we have to do that teaching and
observe in the heart.
And now, upon Guru Prahmana Sambha, with that.
Guru Prahmana Sambha can understand external level and very personal levels.
External level, as I said, Guru Prahmana Sambha is known as two ways.
First, Guru Prahmana Sambha is known as the direct emanation of the living Buddha Amitabha,
who is residing in the west direction of our universe.
As I said, there is more universe, more planets than our true eyes and true ears can handle.
Actually, there are so many.
These are, there are so many universe, in each direction, west direction, south and north, in the
corner direction.
South, west, west, north, whatever you call, up and down, there are so many universe.
There are so many also, the pure lands.
The land that is completely filled with the highly enlightened beings.
That means, enlightened beings, what means?
The beings are filled with their heart, with love, unconditional love, unconditional compassion,
unconditional compassion, wisdom.
And the wisdom, knowledge that has no grasping and no clinging.
Open, vast, deep, as sky and oceans.
There are so many beings.
Those beings are filled with that pure land, or lands.
That land is known as pure lands.
So pure land of the Buddha Amitabha is full of blessings,
and blessings to Him.
Full of love, and compassion, and wisdom.
There is no violence, there is no struggling.
Because there is no negative emotions.
And that, in that pure land, there is a living Buddha, known as Buddha Amitabha,
in the name of You, known and heard in practice.
From the heart center of the Buddha Amitabha,
golden weather, with five points.
Whenever you know this weather, this is very sacred, famous, holy, ritual object,
sacred objects, objects.
Like this formation, the light came as lightening
to the center of Lake Dhanakosha, in the northwest border of India.
It's called Odhiana, known as Odhiana, in that border.
According to the teachings, when you read the books and the teachings,
it's not just exactly in Odhiana.
It's northwest, even, border of also Odhiana, I see it.
But it descended this formation as lightening with the soft and gentle
in the middle of the lotus, the blooming pole petal lotus,
one thousand petal lotus.
Immediately, the beautiful being appeared, and which is Mgolapamasa.
As egg-year-old, bold, beautiful, calm, soothing, peaceful,
appeared, and so appeared, is that body of light, and love, and compassion.
And this is not about how Mgolapamasa appeared in this work, there.
And then there's another also, teachings, when Mgolapamasa became this work.
As I said, Bodharshaktamune gave the common teachings
on the public level, publics, in India at that time,
but higher teachings he gave in the slasher ends, because which is not ready.
But now the teachings have to come to this world,
because the worlds, the beings are ready to receive the highest teaching of the Vedyan.
Therefore, Bodharshaktamune also purposely reincarnated as Mgolapamasa.
And that, in the teachings said, when Bodharshaktamune announced his Mahaparin nirvana around the
80s,
many Sangha members and close disciples,
particularly Ananda, who has been as attendant of Bodharshaktamune over 30 years,
he felt very, very upset by the announcement of Bodharshaktamune going to enter Mahaparin nirvana,
which commonly we can language used as passing way, going to pass way.
But it's called Mahaparin nirvana, because it's not just passing with frightening fears and
suffering with sadness.
Buddha is going to enter the new dimensional levels of the reality of the true nature.
Realitally, the death and the birth are the two sides of the coins. There's no difference.
It's two sides of the day and the night aspect. There's no difference.
What is the difference? Because there is death, that's the birth is death.
Because there's birth, there is death. It's the same way.
Because night, there was because daylight. There is day, there is night.
This is just two sides of the coin. That is calm.
This is the one that echoes of natures. Everything is like that.
There is all that beauties. This is in Goda's teaching known as skillful means and wisdom.
A pairing and an emptiness is all the same games. Nothing difference. Both are both.
So, Buddha means announced that. But really Buddha announced that.
However, the huwa has and they're not completely free from the duality and the grasping, clinging.
And because with habit patterns, they feel upset.
See some separations, some changes going to come.
Particularly, Anand get very choked, very personal. They get very upset.
And Buddha said, Anand should not feel sad.
And I will be back at years from Mahabharata death.
I will born as even better than what I am now.
And how my name will be known as Mgurupa Muslim.
Therefore, you Ananda and it shouldn't worry. Shouldn't you say that?
Buddha announced that and said that.
Not just only that, Buddha repeatedly predicted the upcoming of the Mgurupa Sambaba and Mene.
Mene, sotaras and tantras.
Often our great Kinti Parthisharama said there were over 21 or 20 sotara tantras.
But there are predicted and mentioned of the Mgurupa Sambaba coming in this world by Buddha Shakti
Mene.
So therefore, Mgurupa Sambaba is in that way reincarnation of worry,
our greatest teacher, the pondering father of the Buddhism,
Buddha Shakti Mene, emanations, a period and form of Mgurupa Mene.